Document legacy user settings (#274)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/user-settings.mdx

# User Settings Resource

> User settings represent how Discord client will act.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User settings are options that a user can configure to change the behavior of their account or client.
```

> For protobuf user settings, refer to [this repository](https://github.com/dolfies/discord-protos).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Alert type="info">

Protobuf user settings are not yet documented here. Refer to [this repository](https://github.com/dolfies/discord-protos) for the data structures.

</Alert>
```

| afk_timeout                                    | integer                                                   | The push notification in-active timeout, in seconds                                                        |
| allow_accessibility_detection                  | boolean                                                   | Whether to allow Discord to track screen reader usage                                                      |
| allow_activity_party_privacy_friends           | boolean                                                   | Whether to allow friends to join your activity without sending a request                                   |
| allow_activity_party_privacy_voice_channel ^1^ | boolean                                                   | Whether to allow people in the same voice channel as you to join your activity without sending a request   |
| animate_emoji                                  | boolean                                                   | Whether to play animated emojis in chat                                                                    |

> | animate_stickers                               | integer                                                   | The [sticker animation option](#legacy-sticker-animation-option)                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| animate_stickers                               | integer                                                   | [When to animate stickers in chat](#legacy-sticker-animation-option)                                           |
```

> | contact_sync_enabled                           | boolean                                                   | Whether to enable the contact sync on Discord mobile                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| contact_sync_enabled                           | boolean                                                   | Whether to enable contact sync on Discord mobile                                                       |
```

| convert_emoticons                              | boolean                                                   | Whether to convert emoticons into emojis (`:)` -> `🙂`)                                                    |
| custom_status                                  | ?[custom status](#legacy-custom-status-object)            | The current user custom status                                                                             |
| default_guilds_restricted                      | boolean                                                   | Whether to automatically disable DMs between you and members of new guilds you join                        |

> | detect_platform_accounts                       | boolean                                                   | Whether to automatically detect accounts from services like Steam and Blizzard when opening Discord client |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| detect_platform_accounts                       | boolean                                                   | Whether to automatically detect accounts from services like Steam and Blizzard when opening the Discord client |
```

> | developer_mode                                 | boolean                                                   | Whether to enable developer mode                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| developer_mode                                 | boolean                                                   | Whether to enable developer mode in-client                                                                          |
```

| native_phone_integration_enabled               | boolean                                                   | Whether to enable the new Discord mobile phone number friend requesting feature                            |
| passwordless                                   | boolean                                                   | Whether to enable passwordless login                                                                       |
| render_embeds                                  | boolean                                                   | Whether to render message embeds                                                                           |
| render_reactions                               | boolean                                                   | Whether to render message reactions                                                                        |
| restricted_guilds                              | array[snowflake]                                          | The IDs of guilds that you will not receive DMs from                                                       |

> | show_current_game                              | boolean                                                   | Whether to display the game that current user is playing                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| show_current_game                              | boolean                                                   | Whether to display the currently active game in user presence                                                   |
```

| status                                         | string                                                    | The [status](/resources/presence#status-type) of the user                                                  |
| stream_notifications_enabled                   | boolean                                                   | Whether to receive stream notifications for friends                                                        |

> | theme                                          | string                                                    | The [theme](/resources/user#client-theme)                                                                  |

Reviewer: The theme enum should probably be moved to this page (and the links elsewhere updated)

| timezone_offset                                | integer                                                   | The timezone offset from UTC to use (in minutes)                                                           |

> | view_nsfw_commands                             | boolean                                                   | Whether the NSFW application commands in DMS are shown                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| view_nsfw_commands                             | boolean                                                   | Whether NSFW application commands are shown in DMs                                                     |
```

> | view_nsfw_guilds                               | boolean                                                   | Whether the NSFW guilds are shown on iOS                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| view_nsfw_guilds                               | boolean                                                   | Whether NSFW guilds are shown on iOS                                                                   |
```

# User Settings Resource

User settings are options that a user can configure to change the behavior of their account or client.

> <Alert type="info">
>   Protobuf user settings are not yet documented here. Refer to [this
>   repository](https://github.com/dolfies/discord-protos) for the data structures.
> </Alert>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Alert type="info">

Protobuf user settings are not yet documented here. Refer to [this repository](https://github.com/dolfies/discord-protos) for the data structures.

</Alert>
```
This must be formatted like this or it breaks
![tfqAFFquvF 1](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8e73e818-c104-45af-b1ae-937013f86d64)

Determines how you get recommended friends.

| Value  | Name          | Description                                           |
| ------ | ------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| 1 << 1 | FIND_BY_PHONE | Whether the current user can be found by phone number |
| 1 << 2 | FIND_BY_EMAIL | Whether the current user can be found by email        |

###### Legacy Friend Source Flags Structure

Determines who can add the user as a friend.

| Field           | Type    | Description                                               |
| --------------- | ------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |
| all?            | boolean | Whether everyone can add user as friend                   |
| mutual_friends? | boolean | Whether mutual user friends add user as friend            |
| mutual_guilds?  | boolean | Whether any user from mutual guild can add user as friend |

###### Legacy Guild Folder Structure

A collection of guilds.

<Alert type="info">

If `id` is `null` and `guild_ids` is a single element array, this folder is not displayed and instead represents a single guild's position in the sidebar.

</Alert>

> ###### Legacy Guild Folder Structure
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
